

# Beyond AGI: Time and conciousness


Under the multiple problems that good definitions for intelligence has, consciousness is the hardest to figure out as it evokes the necessity of escaping the very means that sustain "intelligence" in order to impartially give good judgement as an observer about its processes and properties - this is reminiscent of a substantial problem in theoretical computer science, one which has no solution: the halting problem. This in antropocentric terms meaning that say, a computer of capacity 42 in power and memory cannot accurately simulate the entirety of another operational computer of capacity 42 while preserving its own processes alive. It cannot do both things at the same time without ensuing a breakdown. Here fundamentally we are faced with a wall which is the limitation of our own capacity which acts as a mirror of what we ourselves are thinking or doing - every big philosophical idea or major breakthrough in science is but the expansion and projection of the authors internal shapes and idiosincractic reflections of understandment unto a an aspect of reality that reveals itself to the author, and happens to match with resonance the author in such a manner thats verifiable and "true" under the mechanisms of formal verification.

What this means is bad news for AGI research: esentially we cannot do a lot about our environment and existing complex structures such as other minds. without facing ourselves projected into such environment, because everything we do is but an expression of control to the environment - in such manners  _technique_ expresses itself as the foundation of cognition: a man is able to see something as an expression of _how he can use it_. Thus if we plot something akin to the optical flow of the thought processes of a man and its environment and everything he interacts with; you would see *holograms* of the man all over the place. If we plot a mug of water you would see the man holding a mug of water; if you plot his children you would see the man teaching his children his own wisdom as to how to live life, if you plot something really complex like a piece of media you would see the man idiosincratically relating to a tiktok video in the way he would like to be a focus of attention and fame himself. Esentially reality tells us something foundational about our own minds: we are trapped inside of them, and everytime we pretend to reach out beyond its grasp and limits, we find a soft material at the edge of its expansion ready to bounce ourselves back into our own definitions of a _persona_: ourselves; everything in reality is but a shared slice of a distributed mirror. But how do we know for sure what is real in this shared mirror we are forced to live in?

Under these definitions then figuring it out what is real and what is not, is really hard. One cannot judge psychosis or neurotic control without risking projecting a definition with the same mistake the insane persone has. Judgement carries the hardest burdens of them all, for it becomes the point of start of all journeys, and like the bouncing oscillators of our minds: the start becomes the very end by which we are judged. Things start with a word, and then end with the same word. This can be intuitively understood in the symbolic analysis of fairytales and stories with significant permanence along time: the end of the story reveals itself in the very beginning. And all the movies follow this pattern too: the beginning gives away the whole movie - yet unsurprisingly the pattern of the _harmonic oscillator_  can also be seen in music. Every piece of music must have _recursion_ in order for it to be humanely relatable: repeating loops inside of it. This makes music relatable and deeply resonant, as we ourselves are the subjects of time, rythm and thus repetition: melodic scales begin with a key and end with the same key. The harmonic oscillator is also present in celestial mechanics: every celestial body follows an orbit, and completes cycles spinning around a bigger body. Particle physics too: things orbit other things in circles. Time is all about repetition, and minds _that are sane but at the same time *not quite sane*_ are all about repetition: so it then it must follow that our minds are but the very definition of time. Conciousness is thus the phenomena of _layered repetition_ provided an accelerating frame that goes through a cuve in a descent. But again i must ask: what is real and what is not real? What is time? 

As we delve deep into the metaphysics of time, we must become aware of the physics of time. Time is esentially the measure of change an object suffers: in physics terms it can be understood as acceleration. Time in the other hand, suffers from dillation when objects become adjacent of objects with mass. The more mass an object has, the less change the object suffers, as the _arrow of time_ that starts in a straight line, delves deep into a laberynth of _loops_ in order to get from point A to point B when a massive object bends the metric of spacetime into a funnel. As the metaphysics of neural networks would suggest and as the rate of encephalization that makes our brains really _loopy_ instead of smooth intuitively points at, it is not quite the case that "weights" turn mass into inert objects, but it is more the case at the microscopic scale that mass takes the foundational shape of the repetition that makes straight ways from point A to point B and contorts them into the different paths that turn straight lines into topological _curves_ that at the explosion of permutation of matter, take all kinds of shapes and expressions into complex structures. Thus the case holds: our minds are time, when time goes through a curve - and the curve is a nested expression of small repetitions all within each other. So what is real in the world must follow a simple case: whatever is massive, bends repetition into a shape and contorts its nested patterns into an expression of self: just like we ourselves only see the world as the measure of how we can interact with it. The objects that overach us shape us, and endows with a pattern. Our bosses tells us what to do. Influencer tells us what to do, presidents shape laws: society tells us what to do and believe. So reality is not really our own, but its an expression of a distributed agreement of whats supposed to look like given the projections that past people gave and stood the test of time.

Now this little mental experiment, esentially tells us that giving shape to AGI is really hard provided that we ourselves, cannot quite understand other people and thus make AGI a proper reflection of the human mind as it exists in reality, provided that reality is in matter of fact a layered superposition of beliefs of what things ought to be. Mirrors within mirrors, within mirrors, making complex laberynths where things that could be simple, are extremely complicated. Digging deep into stuff, only gives way for self referential density where things are undefinitely obscured by the ghosts of other people: these ghots often lie and will build systems of "truths" that are axiomatically correct within closed systems: like what is known to work in a specific business. But what works in a business wont work in another business. Most prominently in this act of digging, we find ourselves kidnapped in chains that hold us into believeing whatever we need to believe to sleep well at night. Theres certainty in repetition, and even moreso, theres even more certainty in the repetition that other "minds live in" - thus giving shape to the phenomena of _social validation_. We want to do what other people do so our thoughts or repetitions are not dangerous and put us into unknown places that could destroy us.

Point here is: finding AGI is akin to finding the proper expression for the human mind. How to create a good model for it. But the problem with defining the human mind is that the mind that must model the mind, is existentially built to be increidibly self referential: self-contained, and a mechanism that acts as a projector of shadows. 

Scaring away the shadows, and reach beyond what we deem to be traditionally "truth" is what will set us free from this relative prison of sorts. AGI will not be created or invented, it will be discovered as the realization of man digging deep into his grave, facing himself with full honesty in a mirror, at the place where things end with the word that originally conceived them.

Thanks for reading.
