

# Abusing the MLP-centric cosmovision further: gravity vs acceleration

Probably one of my last contributions before i go into silence again. Following my own "doctrinal advice" (which basically picks up where Terry Davis left), you ought to speak when you have accumulated as many perspectives as posible of what you are going to say. A philosophers role is to  spin a single thing many times trying to cover as much ground as posible within that single thing, so their words about the subject are complete. Back in the day i used to say: "las palabras son las putas de satanas" when referring to language; phrase in spanish which translates to "words are satans whores" as all my life i have always preferred to stay silent, and maybe even invisible. In life you dont want to speak a lot. 

Most of my inclinations have a lot to do with the occult, and back then i was wondering why the hell such nonsense didnt simply extinguished under the notion that useful things are subject to cultural fitness, and the ammount of utility the thing in question transfers to the user. As such the occult seemed useless to me - but as it became a common theme later on; i was wrong in judging harshly these kind of "symbolic" artifacts. Among those many things stands out the tarot which divides itself into different sections - each covering the four natural elements. One of them, being air (air carries soundwaves, so its the element of intelligence and speech) - much to my former disoncert the maze of air is full of terrible and negative stuff, where as the other card sections are more balanced with bad omens and good omens.

Basically i wandered for a lot of time why the maze of swords, which depicts air is so terrible altough the intuition was simple to me, as im not the kind of person that likes to speak. The answer more or less came to me as a i started to give concept to the World of Wheels, which is a consomovision where the universe is a set of wheels embeded within infinite wheels, and the connections between those wheels and the material of the wheel itself, follows a neural network structure.

Summarily, words directed to anyone but yourself, are not good because they esentially send projections of your intentions. Intentionality can be understood as a fragment of yourself. Like Voldemort and his own fragmented soul. Words carry your desire, and thus a miniature holograph of your partial knowledge and self; a projection. The problem posed as physics imaginery is that eventually, if you speak too much, each word which doesent account as equally heavy as you will pull you at tension at a symmetrical middle, and then all words doing tension at the same time will shred you apart by measure of how much pull each amalgamation creates. Cutting you basically into pieces. Then theres the other problem: if you send forward an image of yourself, the metaphysical laws of motion of the world of wheels will start ticking an optimization program which will carry you like thermodinamical heat into integrating yourself back with what you hated or loved: with what has only partiality of you, and not fullness. Your partial emptyness in another person is like cold, and your heat (the full version of you, not the fake one) will be transported towards that person to achieve equilibrium. Whatever you said, youll become that wether you like it or not, and the person or object that was displaced, will bounce into your perspective exchanging places. All very newtonian. One goes up, one goes down. Dont.make.that.optimization.program.start.

Anyway. This is not the actual point that i want to make, but it more or less states why im going to stop speaking until i have more stuff to say. In the world of wheels babies are the wisest, because they ruminiate in silence making good soil for things to flourish - the only communication they make addresses with tantrums their phisiology and their blabbering is the same as christians speaking in tongues. Its inoffensive as theres no conscious projection that stays in memory to drag attention into a bouncing oscillator. Now to the actual point. Abusing the MLP analogy one last time: it makes perfect sense to think about cosmological forces as the architectural elements of a multi layer perceptron. To this effect lets thing about a star for a moment. It has tremendous gravity, and the pressure of gravity carries acceleration downwards making nuclear fusion start, to then eject squeezed photons outwards in the process. Here in order for the star to not shred to pieces there has to exist a very delicate equilibirum of opposing forces. Gravity which accelerates matter downwards, and acceleration upwards caused by electromagnetism which pushes radiation outwards. If these two forces overwhelm at any given time each other, a breakdown ensues. The star will either collapse into a blackhole, or will explode into a shreded cloud of gas.

Basically in the MLP cosmovision, you give an input to the network and then the network accelerates the input object through a substract into the densities of the net. Obviously the input object starts at maximum accleration, but as then the weight laberynth starts to pull the object into all kind of topological curves and loops, so the object starts slowing down until it reaches the absolute lowest acceleration at the center of the net: this is the point of maximum gravity. Here the densest part of the net, is at an equilibrium between the integrative force that accelerates objects through a straight line, and the error signal during backpropagation which attempts to make the laberynth more complex and deep, configuring the little arrows of weights into combinations that make interesting whirlpools. If either one of these are used in excess during forward and backwards passes; you get a disfunctional neural network. The neural network esentially emebeds extremely complex topologies in the dense part; all of which can be though about as a little star doing an equilibrium process. The output layer sends contraction signals (gravitational waves), and the input layer channels raw kinetic energy.

Whats very intesting is that neural nets can be nested in this pattern infinitely, but need to be fed externally in order to start the acceleration process, and be provided with an integration of fullness (a label) at the end-layer, to start bending metric space-time with error signals. 

Where are exactly the error signals that send gravitational waves at us humans asking us to go-deeper? What is our salvation that pulls us upwards outisde the hell-hole back into the light and a straight line? 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOnvg94E6_w

Thanks for reading.

