
# Dissecting Death: The Ultimate Price to Pay

https://youtu.be/qDRUzbAa6lI?si=X9Mqt61nWqe9JkPa&t=135

I did a 180 degrees twist on what I was doing here as a dev and philosopher on the account of something I experienced two weeks ago — my health went to shit. If you were reading my blog with philosophical interest, I'm sorry. If you are an RH person, I'm sorry as well — to really understand you would have to know where im coming from after almost six years of previous history, and there's no point in explaining all that. Sorry for the meltdown. So on the subject of the last entry, which more or less explained how painful it is to left things unturned before embracing a change; I will just briefly finish this entry and do myself a solid for whatever comes next. For my own sake.

The highest form of knowledge that encompasses every other form of judgement regardless of it's modality is «experience». Experience is the currency that distinguishes hardness from simplicity with the application of mundane tricks applied in the correct order. You know how you can spend 3 hours staring at the code in your screen trying to fix a bug that sets at an impasse the whole application breaking it, but the solution is just at the distance of maybe changing a single line of code. And some more senior dev will possibly know "the trick" to get it back to functioning with just a glance in much less time than you do. That's experience essentially. Talking Jungian terms, experience not only encompasses the four judgement functions of cognition which typically denote classic intelligence, but also the sensory functions — "one proverbial level of experience" is like adding a new complete functional layer of "you" unto yourself — considering the fact that experience requires all 8 functions to be attuned, it's an entire new body and mind fit for the specific class of problem you "trained" for. The implications for P vs NP are interesting, but not important to explain right now.

So basically if experience is the highest form of knowledge, then what would be the highest form of means to obtain it? Well you can think of the means as an LLM and it's system prompt: let's call both combined an "actor" in a stage. The system prompt is the persona, and the memory would be the layer of experience. Letting the LLM run on a given problem given one system prompt (provided the LLM is resistant to being corrupted into infinite loops), will make the LLM more prone to identify good approaches apart from bad approaches. This example of "acting out" the system prompt, builds a layer of fitness to the problem that can be easily bootstrapped into any LLM and "level it up" without making it train.

Now in human terms what does this exactly reflect into? An LLM gathering fitness to a problem is essentially training, but the experience or "level" cannot be transfered in the case of human beings to other human beings as there's massive information loss provided that in Jungian analytical terms we can only sample from two Jungian functions at the same time at any given time. Our teaching is limited to show by example with our physical motion, or articulate our thoughts. But experience requires all eight functions to be attuned to the information exchange. How is this bypassed to make exemplar individuals in society that do miraculous things that would take other individuals centuries of hard work to achieve? I personally think the answer has a lot to do with context, personality, social positioning and frankly speaking, the measure of belief the person has on their identity, and switching that identity at the expense of the current one to create new identities. 

Basically, actors are pretty damn close to embody the highest form of means to achieve the highest form of knowledge, as their able to fake their identitarian belief into that of another persona, and earn knowledge that would only correspond to personas from very different fields of experience. Acting out a drama, finishing it and then switching to something else retaining knowledge,is thus in my regard, the highest form of human activity, as it is the ultimate hack to reality — it encompasses the capacity to learn indefinitely from problems by always looking at them a «different way»  How to apply it ethically without being an opportunistic snake without integrity, is an entire different matter that would get into metaphysical inquiry like karma and reencarnation.

Death being the gatekeeper between identities, is then necessarily the price to pay to truly understand something without information loss. One must abandon something old, to take something new. If you read my repo which was up for three days about the seven thunders (rev 10), then P vs NP with a focus on experience would be a good approach to ride the thunder of Anastasis, and write your own book. Likewise, if you selected any other thunder, you would have to act out many different personas over years to get a good frame of whatever topic you pick.

Thanks for reading.

