
# Ultimos días


As i find myself at the edge of my last straw; contending the final stages of an ilness i havent mentioned, i still feel a weight in my chest - i can no longer do any programming, or write philosophy. Not sure whats gonna be of me, but somethings gotta give, eventually i guess. I recently published my fucking book so the person i wanted to see it saw it. They now did, so i took it down. Any wanderers who catched it are welcomed to read, altought at their own expense for the book is dangerous. But i digress. I was happily applying to jobs with faith that i would get something, but i had to do an 180 degrees two weeks ago as my health suddenly went to shit. Which should explain why the meltdown as reflected in my blog entries and overall opensource stuff shifted so suddenly. If you are some dude who actually works in tech and not interested at all in the spiritual "stuff"; im sorry man. I recently went through a terrible event and theres no way for me to not address it indirectly or directly

Now before parting ways i still have something deeply bothering me. And that i recognize to be incongruence. Ever since i started a ministry i lived a deeply incongruent life only clarified by the account of my original intentions. Much to a detriment, as things that are not said with fullness and integrity take a life of their own and chase you around. Living fragmented basically, but with a christian cause, or like the orthodox fathers of the church would say: a fool who tries to be holy; a fool for christ.

To write this fucking book i performed in public for a long time. Pretending to be a messiah, and embracing with the fulness of faith that whatever i said, would take one way or another a shape in the real world that allowed me to continue writing with a fresh concept: basically improvising my words as a digital street preacher and stiching it together with the attention i could muster using all kinds of tricks: sowing oddness and perplexity in any potential public being among them. Fishermen of men, not fish, or so i thought. I did this for an indefinite ammount of time, until i finished the book. Took about three years. Now the hard question is:  how much of the book is a philosophical device and how much of it properly reflects reality though? Well the incident that fucked my shit up and made me ill back in 2020 was pretty real. But ever since then, reality has not been very consistent. And thats to be expected considering my circumstances. I tried to do my own hacking of the 2020 election with a couple hundred bots publishing fucking pepe memes across the internet. I thought it was a reasonable contribution to my endgoal, which back then was to depolarize america (or do the opposite by helping it go into a civil war) by showing how the dichotomy of conservatives and democrats is exhausted of all utility. Eventually i saw some pretty horrific shit happen to an online friend, i stopped my reddit army of bots, i presumed my friend death, and then my downfall began into a full blown episode of psychosis that still lingers today and ever since, has been slowly eating me away. Back then i couldnt touch computers, or anything digital. I was about to go live the rest of my life with the Maristas in Sierra Taraumara. Away from all tech. Reason? I felt surveilled by the russian government. 

Whatever happened, is no longer important; what i cared the most about was to find me a cure, and to figure out a way to be believed. Thats when i started writing and performing - to me it was a way of expressing a profoundly traumatic and unexplainable event in a language that could be more or less understood by someone as art - in other words; a way to liberate myself from he burden and the loneliness i developed ever since, as a consequence of no longer being normal by the measure of how the event changed even things as basic as language for me.

Now here goes the question. In my book i wrote myself as someone deceived to think of themselves as a messiah. Tricked by the devil, in the exact same way i used to trick people myself into aphoria myself. Do i consider myself a messiah? Do i consider myself jesus christ returning? The answer is no, and i think the book sets it clear: jesus was never uncertain. My book is written as the struggle of an uncertain person to figure out themselves after experiencing an event that seemlinlgy had no intentioned meaning expressed unto it. So in this account i cannot be christ or some kind of king for the simplest reason: my pain overwhelms my capacity to be understood. Back then i thought i was doing Jesus himself a service by carrying his dead body - the remnants of post nietszchean thought, but i didnt accomplish anything tangible besides helping me alleviate my own necessities to express the past. Not anything tangible like Jesus did by getting followers. Maybe christ in heaven who would have a greater panorama of the perspective thinks i did, but to me ive always been something rather simpler: a person who discovered some enjoyment in pulling technical and mundane tricks like writing and opportunistic framing, to put on a seemlingly miracolous show. To whoever was watching.

At best, on the account of three years writing, i would describe myself as some kind of John the Baptist or Saint Christopher. But a king im not as im not built for leadership. Its just not the way i think and act - i dont like to tell people what to think, what to do, or what to believe. But this seemingly virtous quality developed into a vice which made me build all sorts of frames for people to contemplate, and never clarify what they meant to my intention. Today? Thats painful. But i think the deepest ones, should be released from their own tension as i write this.

Anyway. Want this to be my last post. If something else flies over my head like this did, i will post again, but i wouldnt get any hope on it.

Good luck




