# What is love?

Its often said by John the Apostle that God is love, yet it is often more intuitive to think that God is in fact a bit of everything, and by everything, love is accounted as the "glueing" factor like some kind of quantum foam. Let's think of this through the definition of Pisces.

Pisces, which represents the previous age relative to the galaxy core, is the sign of love — however we are now in the age of aquarius, the sign of ethics and logic. We pass from relativity to the age of semi-absolute truths that serve the collective. What does this mean for the rulership of Pisces that is still on earth? Will people with any Pisces placements be at a disposition of obsoletion? The answer is no — it just so happens that Pisces will no longer be the central theme of philosophy, and religion on earth. People will no longer be egotistical in their personal beliefs, whether that's religious or based on whatever personal predilection they have and they personally choose to believe in - it could be asserting action on uncertainty under scientific activity, or something as simple as being meanspirited while defending their favorite movie franchise. That's all going into the dumpster and by astrological certainty, only the most exemplar people who lived by Pisces ever since the age started (about the time Jesus Christ appeared), will make it through the filter of Pluto in aquarius. Pluto being the planet of absolute annihilation. In machine learning terms: the ground truth of the age of Pisces were transcendetal beliefs, and only people who align with them reducing error and breaching the distance with proximity to that "ideal" or "label" will survive the last epoch or training loop. The rest of the attempts of this global neural network we call society will all be spitted out from the loss function as residuals. That's how it works everytime there's massive societal changes.

Anyway. So back to love. Love is essentially understandment complemented with action that aligns with such understandment - the people we love, we understand them as much as we can, and then we do something special that reflects on the understandment we obtained. The action is not rational because it aligns with idiosincratic notions of what's subjectively real, so it's really faith. Love needs works through faith in order to bear fruit, or to be more precise: to reflect back what we obtained in the world making it more layered.

Pisces is thus the last sign of the zodiac and the most elevated one, because it transports from one place to another the wave properties of all matter: that's why Pisces is neither an ocean or a river like cancer or Scorpio, but it's the metaphysics of water or more mundanely said, the "technique of water". The foam state of this superposition of layered waves, gives support to all existence through sheer probability as it is more properly reflected on quantum mechanics. The dragon of chaos at the foundation of the world, which is more modernly portrayed in media as eldritch horrors and Lovecraftian beings, are all also under the rulership of Pisces, when Pisces is its median decan, or when Pisces is in retrograde motion. It's called the "ancient serpent" in Judeo-Christian tradition, because paradoxically, love opposes purity — for us in order to understand something, we must break our own personal barriers, to become one with them and prophane ourselves with a new "mix". Purity is the opposite of mixing and Pisces is all about the activity of mixing. Loving the wrong thing can be extremely dangerous.

Furthermore, in spin networks which use gravity as channel weights to collapse reality, the transported messages carrying the collapse observables or "beliefs" as it can be understood in restricted boltzmann machines; I call them corruptions because essentially that's what any object attempts to do when in proximity of another object at the quantum field scale. It wants to mix with it.

So love is a double edged sword, and in this age, anything that's not mixed properly will be assessed by the global error function as darkness instead of light - anything that's too mixed inevitably becomes dark and permanently uninteractive with the rest of the universe, like dark matter and dark energy - going into a hell of sorts. Love the right thing and become the light of the world, if you are to endure and survive.

Thanks for reading.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxg468NL3S8