
# What is consciousness? Does it even matter at all?


I'm not as empty as a thought i was. Currently applying to labs that are doing fundamental research; avoiding the ones that pay researchers millions though -as in World of Wheels the implications are not being payed for creativity but to create profit (better ads for the case of places like Meta's super intelligence lab) - also applying to AI startups with cutting-edge interesting products, equally. Not like i would be hired at a super lab earning a couple millions a year anyway: i only have a bachelors, no papers written, the height of my career was my last job doing agentic programming as a Google contractor, and even if i start shitting out good open source stuff my hiring would have to be justified with me getting into a team as a janitor. Pretty much the reason why i decided to improve my personal github page, as its been barren for years - even if the chances are slim. Right now as i write im oneshotting with local-deepthink a new RAG algorithm. Hopefully its really good - if it is i will open source. 

Anyway. so the heart of the matter. What is conciousness?

World of Wheels offers a good definition, altought its on the disappoting side, as its mostly demistyfing this magic thing AGI researchers are pursuing. It's actually really simple. In the physical world you get amalgamations of spnning shells with acceleration to them. This acceleration is relative to their own frame, as posed by special relativity. Things that are material and can be touched, are spinning really fast, where as things that are on the cosmological scale, like galaxies, are also spinning really fast but slow with regards to their local frames. Conciousness then would be the phenomena where an object appears to be "real" by the measure in which its local acceleration makes it tangible to a local frame: esentially spinning fast enough for it to be within the relevance of posible motion and action to the elements in the frame. Conciousness appears then as a projected property on the objects we interact with, whereas the conscious subject becomes the frame in which things can be observed spinning at a sampling rate that makes the objects graspable and comprehensible. We know a rock is spinning and is properly sampled at a spinning rate compatible with ourselves, and we know what is the "affordance" of the rock; that is the hierachcy at which the rock is within a frame that makes other objects interactive with it as newtonian mechanics and chemisty pretty much describe the rock entirely with regards to its environment.

Esentially conciousness is like a slice of actionable space where an object can interact with its environment. We have that slice of shared space too in our prefrontral cortex, as the things we intensely think about become evermore present in our thoughts, giving them a subjective materialness to them. By this definition, most physical elements in the world with a spinning property have some consciousness to themselves. The more complex and layered they are, the more uncomprehensible; problem is that by the ignorant anthropocentric vision of the world we only endow with the concept of conciousness things that we cannot understand very well. In this case fellow people. But would a planet be conscious? Would a galaxy be conscious? We can certainly observe partial physical properties about them without being able to model them completely with a bunch of differential equations, but by analogy we would almost certainly look at them with the same ignorance an ant treats a human being like a mountain.

Honestly, the idea wether AI is conscious or not, doesent matter. Within the romanticized antropocentric view, the AGI would have to be extremely complex and ungraspable to be labelled "conscious": just as we ourselves are ungraspable to each other. If the AI is completely deterministic to an hyper-observer (like we ourselves are hyper observers of lowly objects like rocks and ants), it would be deemed a machine esentially.

Key question to think about: would a superior species with hyper-observance over our psychology would consider us conscious?

I personally think they would see us as hyper-deterministic. Barely any sovreign motion. Animals basically. Thats the trick of consciousness esentially. On general terms is an object that has an actionable frame influenced by its own acceleration, and under the current antropocentric terms it would be simply an object thats complex and appears to have random motion to them. 

Thanks for reading.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piZ5us9Tcoc
