
# Dissecting old prophecies: the wings of the eagle


Truth is something that can be understood two ways. One is the classical way, in which truth comes down to the definition of axioms and formal logical verification were things are either true or false, and truth in the human centric way comes down to sovereignty and alignment to what one subjectively identifies to be real and substantial in the world. One form of truth follows reason and is intended to judge, the other is intended to build reality itself.

You'll never get me speaking positively about the current church because they are crapped down by a more elevated and general version of Godels incompletitude theorem — the aim of any discipline, school, or institution is to substain itself with meaning along time. This can only be achieved by propiciating relative utility and extending it among its users. Knowledge itself, takes a life of its own and attempts to create barriers and frontiers that disable other forms of knowledge to take the place of the current form of knowledge, unless the attempted replacement is a more evolved version of the first instanced knowledge-piece.

Technique attempts to expand itself, and create stability that allows the technique to stay alive - like Saurons ring from LOTR. This is what fundamentally crooks human understandment and stagnates intelligence. Once understandment becomes too crystallized, things can only be possibly understood as versions of previous things. At its foundation, this is the basis of human alienation - what hardens the heart.

So in this regard the current church does not care about people having a close relationship with God. They want you to 'serve' God with the church being an extension of God on earth. From the perspective of utility and technique, the hyper-object 'church' is easily find out as an institution that's happy to propiciate knowledge-pieces among believers which allow the church to exist in expansion and sustainment. Thus, God 'officially' wants servitude because the church needs servitude to exist. But by serving the church are you really serving God?

Problem is: God does not care about your servitude - he actually doesn't need it. What he cares about is you being friends with him like Abraham was, and aspire to be like him, so one day you become him, like Jesus did. The greatest form of admiration thus being imitation, and the highest form of admiration thus being, worship. God wants worship, not servitude.

So the matter here is: Godels incompletitude theorem tells you basically that relativity is not confined to physics — It also intuitively applies to abstractions and forms of knowledge. Think of it this way: you grow a business and you have reassurance of what works within the business and what doesn't work. Then you hire a person from other business and the person tries to do things to the way they know were 'real' and 'truth' in the business they previously worked with. This essentially makes the owner of the business have to reeducate the employee so the person knows what works in the current business and what doesn't. Naturally things break down when attempted to be transported outside of their native environment. If you must do the transport, then you must build a bridge, but the bridge could be entirely an alienation of both businesses not properly honoring any "slice" of reality. Slices of reality being: human consciousness and it's relationship to what it's perceived to be constant. The businesses joining could fail to become a proper embracement of reality.

Anyway, point is: when something with agency in the world gets too big, it starts to create density and abstract structures. The more dense it is, the less likely the data found within it is to contain a true revelation of the world, containing instead references or pointers to other elements in the heap of abstraction. The church at its current stage is too big, it has too much self referential content in its activity, and is not to be trusted.

So what does exactly any of this have to do with revelations? Well the chapter I'm right now the most interested about is chapter 12. But before i dwelve deep into it, something must be understood about revelations: the chapters that have arithmetic progressions (churches, spirits, thunders, trumpets, seals and bowls), are sequential. Their order must be respected in order to understand where an interpreter is standing relative to the length of the book. But the chapters that do not contain arithmetic progressions are asynchronous and are revelead to be a constant among the whole book. This includes chapter 12, which started in the 23 of September, 2017. 

Chapter 12 essentially narrates a cosmic struggle that can only be possibly understood from the point of frame of astrology - the struggle happens between a woman believed to be the church, it's messianic son intended to be an aspect of Christ, or the whole Christ rebirthed (it's still misterious to me), and an external malignant agency which intends to destroy the offspring of the church. The dragon represents the cybernetic frame of technique attempting to assimilate the 'new', while the church giving birth represents a separation of what's useful in future terms of the world and what is not — thus to be in this place of vulnerability the church does not partake in any or the enthroned aspects of technique which right now could be understood as "establishment" or "established". The new is at a perennial fight with the old.

Furthermore this new church in order to escape the grasp of the dragon, is said to be given "wings of an eagle". But what could this mean? Well at the beginning of revelation we get a sight of the throne of God. Here four living creatures surround it; one creature is said to be an ox, one to be a man, other a lion and the last one an eagle. This in astrological terms represent the four fixed signs of the zodiac which serve as axis points for the whole wheel to spin: Taurus, Aquarius, Leo and Scorpio. 

Here we also get a good representation of the four authors of the four gospels where John the Apostle is tipically depicted to be an eagle - a person of the sign of scorpio. But there's a problem. Why is scorpio an eagle? Well the answer comes down to the constellation of Scorpio and the positioning of the constellation Aquila ( the eagle) within it. Aquila is exactly positioned where Scorpio is about to end in the skies, and give way for Sagittarius. It's the combination of Scorpio and Saggitarius, but still within the boundaries of Scorpio. To better understand why Scorpio is an eagle and why the church is said to be an eagle we ought to chart the three phases of the scorpion and then contrast it with the nature of John the Apostle.

The first phase of Scorpio is defensive. The scorpion digs a grave to hide - It self destroys unintentionally. The second phase of Scorpio is the Eagle, where the ashes of the scorpion, after denigration and humiliation give rise to a being that elevates itself beyond the fight, and finally the Scorpio matures into a phoenix - fighting is not worth it and there are greater pursuits in life. This second phase much to the nature of John the Apostle, who was the only apostle to die of old age in exile. Worth mentioning that in Greek mythology, the eagle is said to be the only animal capable of staring into the sun without going blind, where as John the apostle wrote the gospel that most highlighted Christ divinity, and was explicitly said to be the apostle that Jesus loved the most. 

John was also the apostle that put the most effort into understanding Christ and thus loving him, ergo his reward of escaping death, and eventually being the person who wrote the book of revelations itself. His ability to stare into hard things to understand without being blinded by darkness was unparalleled for the time. This is essentially what is distinguishing newborn believers from old believers. Those who are going beyond and above to bridge with understandment the hidden aspects of reality while matching them with God are said to be protected during the time of tribulation. Does who are most like John, will survive. Does who go through the three phases of Scorpio, will be granted the special privilege of getting the proverbial wings of eagle.

So for hypothetical stuff like a massive disappereance of people who fled from civilization; i would look at three key aspects in the sky. Sun in Virgo, at least seven retrograde planets depicting the dragon, and finally mars in scorpio.

Thanks for reading.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkcx_ho66Nk

Edit: i reread my entry and identified mistakes. Im not feeling well — aquila is not like hydra so its not adjacent to Scorpio in first principle like it is for Cancer. The evolutions of the scorpio: the phoenix comes last. Regardless, the connection between scorpio and the eagle is based on hellenistic tradition.
